CLASS LEVEL MODIFIERS:
When we create classes on our own we need to specify the JVM that,
 The classes can be accessable from anywhere or not,
 Creation of the child class possible or not,
 Creationof Object possible or not.
 We can do this by applying the appropriate access modifiers.
 
 The only applicable modifiers to the Top level of the class are,
 public
 final
 abstract
 <default>
 strict fp
	|
	|		The applicable modifiers for the Inner level of the class are
	|_ _ _ (+)  private
				protected
				static

public, private, protected are considered as Access Specifiers except these other as Modifiers, But this rule is applicable to old languages like C++.
In java all are considered as Modifiers.
We know that if a class is declared with public kew word it can be accessed from anywhere, Without this pulic when we try to access a class in another class, it won't accept.
When a class is declared as default then the class can be accessed only with in the package outside that package we can't access that class.

FINAL MODIFIER:
It is applicable for classes, methods & variables

FINAL in METHODS:
*. Whatever the methods parent they are also applicable to the child class by default.
*. If the child is not satisfied with the parent method method implementation then the child can redefine the method on it's own way,
	This process is called as "METHOD OVERIDING".
*. When the parent class method is declared as final then it's not possible for the child class to overide the parent implemented method, because it's final.

FINAL in CLASS:
When we declare a class with final then we cant extend the class so, inheritance is not possible.
If the class is final then the methods inside that class will also be final by default but the variables inside that methods may not be as final.

ADVANTAGE:
Improves Security.

DISADVANTAGES:
INHERITANCE cannot be achived due to final class declaration.
POLYMORPHISM cannot be achived due to final method implementation.
Declaring with final key word results in loosing the key OOP's concepts.

It is only recomended to use final where it's necessary.